Lies and more lies.  Well,
you sent me this tweet, but I
had, I mean, you sent me these
screenshots of Miare, but I really
have to defend myself on this one, I have to
be a bit of a team Miar, okay?  Because?
Because I think, look, you're going to eat me up
maybe, huh?  Correct me right now,
those of you who are here, okay?  That is, he says,
"In 2017, they blame Miare for having
my dog ​​Argos with his tail between his
legs."  She responds by saying that
's her natural position, okay?  She in
2025, look how bad, look how bad
Dallas, something has its tail between its
legs and on top of that the sick people are
applauding.  You really don't know
shame.  Okay, of course, this is because
they found this tweet from Miare in
which she's saying that because they're
saying to her, "Hey, your dog
has its tail between its legs, right? The
tail, how do greyhounds put it?"  And she
says, "It's the natural position of a
greyhound's tail."  That's it, seriously.  Don't
try to take things out of context before doing
your research.  And yet, Argos is a
greyhound that raises his tail high for
the common fat and gives thanks.  Okay,
this would disprove the current nonsense
that when the dog sees Dala he
tucked his tail into his legs,
right?  But that's what Miare really said,
because it doesn't sound familiar to me,
personally it doesn't sound familiar to me that Miare said it
, it sounds familiar to me that the
clowns who defend her said it, but not them.